---
layout: base
title: Looking Both Ways 2013 2014
show_title: true
---
This time of year always makes me reflect on what was and look forward to
what is to come.

## Engineering
I am working at a company called [Technekes](http://www.technekes.com). We
provide marketing services for companies big and small. I get to work with some
of the coolest tech I've ever done. We use mainly open-source tools for our
development. So over the past 18 months I have changed my stack from all 
Microsoft all the time to all Linux and open source all the time. This has been
a great change for me. Looking back, I feel that I have grown a great deal as
a software developer. Looking forward, I want to continue learning new tools
and ways of looking at problems. To that end, I want to create a project using
a functional language such as Haskell, Clojure or Erlang.

## Acting
I miss it. I still get to do things like voiceovers, mostly thanks to the
[Groundcrew](http://groundcrewstudios.com/), and the lovely and talented
Katherine Goforth. I still have friends in the theatre whom I love and respect.
I would like to do something to work with them again. Looking back, I had a
decent year working for some great national and regional brands. Looking
forward, I resolve to be more efficient in my engineering work to allow me to
take more acting work.

## Music
I [recorded 7 pieces last year](https://soundcloud.com/plasticide) in my home
studio. Overall it's not bad. I created a lot more with guitar than I have in
the past and that's good. I got to play in a talent show with 3 other guys at
work. We called ourselves The 404s. We won! It was great fun, and I'm pretty
sure it's the first time that I've ever played live in a band situation in my
life. Quite a rush. We played an acoustic version of Hey Ya! Looking back, it
wasn't bad, but looking forward, I can do a whole lot better. I resolve to play
more music with actual real live people.

## Family
Claire and I are doing wonderfully. We've been married since 1996, and I feel
like we're hitting our stride. Example - we spent new year's eve with our dear
friends Laura and Stan. We had a wonderful time there. On the ride up and back
to Hendersonville, we didn't really talk that much at all. But it wasn't
uncomfortable. It was a comfortable silence. A rare thing indeed. Much love to
Claire. The kids are awesome. Zach is 8 and Jamey is 5. Claire and I both agree
that our main job is to help them stay as sweet as they are, and to ensure that
they use their powers only for good.

## Physical
I have really enjoyed [Systema](http://www.charlotte-systema.com/) this past
year. I'm looking forward to continuing in the new year. There's much more than
a physical component to Systema, but I'm including it here for brevity.

And The Obligatory:
- Eat better
- Exercise more

## In Conclusion
May your coming year be better than the last.
